>> I'm radio and television
host, Jimmy Church,
and I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Matthew James
Bailey, a globally recognized
authority in innovation,
artificial intelligence,
and the internet
of things, who has
collaborated with dignitaries,
ministers, and prime ministers.
>> I believe that the human
species is about to awaken
into something
that is remarkable.
And I believe that every
aspect of the universe
is being invited into this.
>> As always, MUFON
field investigator Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> --joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> Why wouldn't life be more
interesting than just what we
see?
We know it's beyond that.
>> This is "Into the Vortex."
I'm Jimmy Church, and my guest
today is Matthew James Bailey.
And he's known for
pioneering advances
into the ethical use of
artificial intelligence.
That's not what
we're necessarily
going to talk about today.
I want to go into consciousness
and human development.
>> Me, too.
>> But with that, Josh, have
you ever thought about you,
what makes you, you, and
could it be connected to ones
and zeros, and could artificial
intelligence have an effect
on your consciousness?
>> I haven't had that
thought specifically,
but I know what
you're getting at.
And yes, I pondered
about my own existence
connected to consciousness
and how I'm here today.
>> Absolutely.
And so with you,
Matthew, how do you
go from a world of 1s and 0s
and artificial intelligence
and that into elevated
consciousness.
What's the connection?
And are you going to just
go straight at entanglement?
>> We could do that, Jimmy.
All of us are this
infinite field of creation
that holds vibrational codes.
Codes that created the
universe itself and the quantum
fabric of the subatomic, the
atomic matter from which life
emerged.
All of us are in the codes of
creation, and each one of us
has our own personal
codes of creation
that we can bring
through to support
the fulfillment of
our human experience
from our eternal source itself.
So actually, Jimmy,
from one aspect,
everything is about codes.
>> That, you're
suggesting, is universal.
>> Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>> Universe is a big place.
And so is consciousness itself.
And actually,
beyond the universe,
into maybe the multiverse
and beyond that.
You see, we are this wonderful,
wonderful eternal place
of creation from
which we became human.
We created ourselves
as humans within
this vibrational
experience in the quantum.
And so, the question
is this, Jimmy.
Is this all we have, or
are there greater fields
around us that we
can access, that
allow us to actually become
more powerful as humans
on this plane of existence?
>> Wouldn't that answer so many
questions about communication
and across vast--
in the speed of
now and everything
being connected that way?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> And how is it achieved?
>> Well, so if we look at
a stargate, for example.
The stargate takes you from one
reality into another reality,
OK?
And each one of us has
our own source stargate,
our eternal source.
>> Stargates, portals, gateways,
Josh and I were just talking
about this.
>> Yeah, we were.
Can we use this in any way to
learn more or to go anywhere
or to extract data or
knowledge from another place?
>> Well the answer is yes, to
go where no one has gone before,
shall we say, a bit of
a "Star Trek" voyage.
So how does this work?
So we are-- well, let
me ask you a question.
Do you think we're
multi-dimensional?
>> We are.
>> Absolutely.
Right.
So there's different aspects of
ourselves beyond the organic,
correct?
>> Yes.
>> Right.
So can those
aspects of ourselves
travel or participate in
other fields of reality?
And the answer is yes.
So how do we use our source
stargate, our divine spark,
right?
So imagine to travel, right?
How do we do that to travel?
>> Well, you're not
doing it in the physical.
>> Right.
But you're doing it in
consciousness itself.
>> You are.
So you don't have to
reassemble particles.
You're not teleporting.
>> No.
Well, maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe that's how we
travel across the universe
and across dimensions--
through portals.
And our divine spark that
we all hold within us
is that gateway into
our eternal source.
So we have a gateway--
a source gateway where we can
bring through codes of creation
for greater fulfillment,
greater access
into consciousness itself within
the field of intelligence.
>> Define that.
Define codes of creation.
So the codes of creation
are, I would say,
a vibrational
resonance of pure love.
And within that are
bits of intelligence
that can create
things in reality.
So for example, the
subatomic matter
is created through
the vibration of love.
>> Similar to string theory,
are we going in that area,
that far quantum?
>> No, this is
beyond string theory.
This is basically the
truth of creation itself.
This is vibration itself.
This is intelligence
in action itself.
>> Right.
>> String theory is one
perspective of that reality,
and that's groovy.
But we want to
get to and uncover
the real truth of
what intelligence is
and who we are in the
field of intelligence
as an expression of love.
>> Did you-- would you consider
this a discovery, right,
where you are working
in another field,
and your mind is working
in one direction.
And then, suddenly,
something clicked.
And now, you have discovered
something would you consider.
>> So I did something dangerous
about 13 years ago, Jimmy.
And I went into nature,
and I said to the universe,
show me who I am, right?
And through there
became a journey
of experiencing consciousness.
A bit like Joseph Campbell's
the hero's journey.
I'm sure you're aware of, right?
>> Yes.
Yes.
We have to go into the
shadow to understand truly
what the gifts are.
And so, this is a discovery
that I've made personally
through my own journey
in consciousness,
which has had an impact globally
in the world of technology.
And now, we're assisting people
to discover their own source
stargate to achieve their
own human potential to move
into a vibrational
experience as humans
into what I call world 3.0.
Some people call the new Earth.
>> Now what would
somebody expect to happen?
Is there a transition?
When you say something
like this and you've
got somebody open and say, you
know what, sign me up, Matthew.
>> Right.
>> I'm in, right?
Well, what could they expect?
>> Well, first of all,
there's no work to do.
There's no efforting.
We are beautiful.
We are created in the divine.
It's just saying Yes
to a greater aspect of.
And when you say
that, then you're
actually saying yes to
the universe itself.
You're saying yes to
your source itself.
I am ready to become a
greater aspect of myself.
And so this has many--
we've seen evidence,
all sorts of
wonderful practical evidence.
People, in general, always feel
more whole as an individual.
People become number
one salesperson
in their company
within a few months.
New contracts come
in out of the blue
where people are making
a lot more money.
People are discovering
love and partnership
that they've always wanted.
The soul is now in action
at the point of creation
with the individual for
them to basically know
that they are alive and
that they have potential.
>> That's powerful, right?
That's a powerful statement.
Look at Josh.
He's already changed.
He's the best partner I've
ever had, with no effort.
>> With a great hat.
>> I'm all in.
But this is what's key with this
So what you're suggesting then,
if we go--
we have the macro.
We're going micro.
We're going to the basic
of the basics, right?
And if that's the case,
are you suggesting
that every single particle
in the known universe
has a little taste of the
codes of creation in it?
>> Yes, that's right.
That's exactly right.
And so, this is what
the ascended masters
and the masters and the
gurus all uncovered.
They uncovered the codes of
creation, their own source
stargate, in order to
access a greater vibrational
aspect of who they truly are.
That's how they were able
to actually do miracles.
That's how they were able to
access spiritual intelligence,
which actually is a
quantum intelligence
to bring that through
for humanity to discover
more of its divine song.
>> There's codes of
creation in this coffee cup?
creation everywhere.
So there's two different
types of codes of creation
that I've uncovered so far,
and there may be more, Jimmy.
The first is the general
codes of creation.
So for example,
creating matter, right?
>> Right.
>> This is vibrating, even
though it may not feel like it.
>> Certainly.
Certainly.
>> It's vibrating.
Everything is vibrating.
And so there's a general--
how do you create consciousness?
You create a field in which
consciousness can exist.
And so there's general codes
to create that framework
for consciousness.
But then, we come down to
the individual thriving
in its uncovering
of its experience
as source, as a human,
and in other dimensions,
too, that we also have.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And so these personalized
codes of creation,
based on our life blueprint,
based on the choices that we
want to experience
in this lifetime.
>> Now, why does science,
especially the quantum side
of science, that is so
eager to measure to observe,
to get something into a lab,
and where they can collect data.
They have a line in the
sand where they don't
want to discuss consciousness.
They don't want to
discuss creation.
It's because they
can't measure it,
and they don't want to waste
their time on something
that they can't collect data on.
But what you're suggesting
here is something
that would be quantifiable.
>> Absolutely.
And we are getting--
I'm known as Mr. Data
Point in the industry
and also in the new
human potential.
I'm always testing things
and looking for data points.
There is science behind this.
And when we see the scientific
measurements of improvement
in people's lives
and when we actually
start to see changes in reality
itself where the person is
actually starting to thrive and
getting what they truly desire,
then we're actually
looking at evidence that
could be seen as scientific.
But science is only
one perspective.
Science is actually alchemy.
It's actually
making a prediction
and doing some kind
of investigation
to find out whether
it's true or not.
>> To observe it.
>> There we go.
>> Right.
Right.
Well, OK, then we have a
bit of a conundrum here.
So you're suggesting--
maybe, it's both,
but you're suggesting
that consciousness
exists outside of the physical.
But yet, the codes of creation
are part of particles.
So then, consciousness
is part of the physical.
So is it both?
>> Yeah, consciousness
is everywhere.
It has to be.
If source truly did create
everything, which it has,
and if we are in this
continual momentum of expansion
as this beautiful
expression of love,
then consciousness has
to be in everything.
>> That's beautiful.
>> Isn't that a safe zone
for scientists then to go
into knowing that--
>> Absolutely.
>> --they have an argument
that covers their side, too?
>> Absolutely.
We want everybody to come to
the table and come and play.
But the question to
ask the individual
is are you thriving,
and is there more
that you want to experience?
Where are you
stuck in your life?
Surely, your loving presence--
If it's true that we are
source energy, if it's true
that we are creation in
action, then, surely,
that loving presence
wants to assist
us to leap into something, a
new potential as a human species
and also as individuals.
>> Tell me more about the source
stargate because stargate is
something that is used
way too freely these days.
Love the movie, though.
>> Right.
Right.
>> OK, but what is
the source stargate?
And is this something that the
ancients knew something about?
>> I suspect they did know about
it, the ancients, actually,
Jimmy.
And also, I would imagine
that other species
in the universe themselves know
about this or uncovered it, OK?
So the question is that
what is the source stargate,
as you asked?
And the answer is, it's our
pure resonance of creation
that we all hold that is
dimensional and has expressed
itself in this particular
reality in the organic.
But this is not all we have.
Our divine spark
opens that source
stargate that we all
have into greater access
for our codes of creation.
>> Would this help explain
what some people witness?
And it could be defined in
so many different ways--
ghosts, spirits, entities,
ET, bodies, light beings,
light bodies, things that
are coming in and out
of our frequency range.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
I would suspect some echoes of
particular aspects of creation
in a dimensional format.
But, yes, absolutely.
Why wouldn't life be more
interesting than just what we
see?
We know it's beyond that.
>> Isn't this a transformation
that we could almost expect
to achieve as a race?
I understand
individually, right?
But thousand years from now,
if we all accept this and all
look at this, that we
would transform ourselves?
>> Yes.
So this is what I've
uncovered so far
from the field of intelligence,
that there are masters
of consciousness in this
particular universe that
have created the next playing
field for all species,
whether in light
or shadow, to come
into a new freedom
of sovereignty
and a new freedom of
understanding what it is to be
creators in action
and getting greater
access into the next
level of human species
in the organic form.
So it is a transitional step
for the human species, Jimmy.
>> It sounds simple.
It sounds fundamental.
But if we encountered
an advanced being--
take Josh, right?
And he's in my backyard.
A flying saucer comes down, and
some advanced being comes out
and starts to talk about these.
These are fundamental ideas.
But would he able
to understand that?
Are we at a level
of understanding
that we could accept
something like that?
>> I think we are.
I think everybody
has the potential.
In fact, it would
be silly not to,
but everybody has the potential
because of the divine spark
and the source stargate.
>> Right.
Right.
>> So in terms of communication
with a being that landed
in your backyard--
I hope you've got a big
backyard because it's probably
a big spaceship.
Although, you never know.
It might be a smaller
thing-- is that it
will be a knowing, which will
be working in different aspects
beyond language, beyond sound.
It may just be a knowing
of how to communicate.
It may be a gaze of love
as a brother or sister.
It will be something that is--
we're not just this organic.
We have this unified field.
We have the electric body.
We have the light body.
We have other aspects in
our quantum experience,
and we're just uncovering
what those are.
So I suspect that
with Josh's case
is that there will be other
aspects of himself that
will be able to communicate
with those beings that
would land in your backyard.
That makes sense, right?
>> Yeah, it does.
It makes total sense.
And again, but that sounds to
me so basic and so fundamental,
like it's the core
of everything,
and everything comes
up and off of that.
Why are we having
such a hard time
understanding and accepting
it, that consciousness
is universal?
Because the ancients
certainly understood that.
And they could communicate
in a different way.
Humans developed a
brutal case of amnesia.
And we're having to
relearn and circle
back to what we already knew.
>> So why wouldn't it be simple?
The simpler it is, the easier
it is to understand, right?
This is what I believe, Jimmy.
I believe that the
human species is
about to awaken into
something that is remarkable.
And I believe that every
aspect of the universe
is being invited into this.
For those that don't accept
consciousness-- well,
they have consciousness,
whether they accept it or not.
But it's an interesting
mirror back to us
to say, well, why
are they saying that?
It's a shadow aspect
that has knowledge.
And it's like, well,
if someone says
there's no consciousness,
well, let's inquire.
Let's ask questions.
And therefore, it actually
confirms what we already
know, that we are
consciousness incarnate,
that we are
consciousness in action.
>> It's incredible to me
that a brilliant physicist
or scientist can sit here
and say, I know that I laugh.
I know that I cry.
I know that I think.
I know that I'm talking
to you right now,
but I don't believe in
consciousness, right?
>> It's remarkable, right?
>> It is.
It is.
>> Absolutely remarkable.
>> So how do we move past it?
>> Well, first of all, it's
our divine spark that helps us
to perceive reality, OK?
And so, the codes of
creation are actually
bringing through programs.
So when a child is born, it
has this wonderful radiance
in its eyes about life.
There are no programs, right?
It's all sparks.
This is like, whoa,
this is interesting.
This is the first
time I've been here,
or maybe it's not the first
time I've been here, right?
>> Right.
Right.
>> You never know, right?
>> Right.
>> But then what happens
is as that child grows up,
programs limiting it are put
on top of it through society
or through other types of
social programming that goes on.
And we try and limit the
unlimited, which is silly.
So what the codes of creation
and the human potential
can do through
accessing our source
stargate into our
eternal source is
to dissipate those
programs of limitation
and uncover the true unlimited
potential that we have.
And then, we become free.
And where we're
heading, Jimmy, I
believe, as a consciousness
in training in the human form
is actually learning
how to become
benevolent creators of
other universes to come,
where we create life itself.
And so we're in a
training ground.
And I believe the light and
shadow have finished now.
Those training wheels
are off of that polarity,
and we're entering into a
nonduality experience, where
we're actually getting
really understanding
how to create benevolently
and how to actually
be loving action.
>> Well, I love this, but
there's two ways to look at it.
The individual has
to be at a position
where they're going
enough is enough, right?
>> Right.
>> I don't like myself.
I don't like where I'm going.
And you know,
now's the time, OK?
I understand that.
But we also have
that as a human race,
too, as well, where, at some
point, we're going to go,
enough is enough.
All right, the party's over.
We need to take things a
lot more serious, right?
I'm not looking at
this the wrong way.
>> No, you're
absolutely on the money.
In fact, humanity is going to
go into an existential crisis,
and this will be the
dark night of the soul.
And that will be important
for it to actually uncover
the wisdom and actually start
to understand, who are we
as a species in consciousness?
Who am I as an internal
source incarnate in the human?
What is the potential
for the human species?
We're going to have to
go through that, Jimmy,
that dark night of
the soul, in order
to truly understand
who we are and choose
a new destiny for ourselves.
>> So, it's necessary then?
>> Absolutely.
It's part of maturity
and growing up.
>> It is.
It is.
So you're saying that
we're like 21 years old.
We just graduated college.
And it's time to
take life serious?
>> Well, life should
be playful, Jimmy.
Let's not forget that.
>> It should be, except
when we talk about the codes
of creation and it being in
every little particle, right?
>> Absolutely.
>> I accept that.
Well, that applies to
Mother Earth, too, as well.
>> Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
>> Now there was a report that
came out recently that said
Earth is failing at eight of
nine survival, points, right?
And I'm sure you read this.
And it's an alarming
situation where
we are beyond the tipping
point and some very
critical situations here.
And that is exactly what
we're talking about.
You need that moment
of stepping up
to the edge of the
cliff in the dark,
putting your foot out there,
feeling the edge of the cliff,
going, OK, we've
gone far enough.
Is that where we are?
>> I think we could
go down that road.
And I'm pretty sure
that's where we're going.
What we're asking
for is clarity of who
we are as a human species.
>> Right.
>> That's what we're asking for.
And humanity tends to actually
respond very well to a crisis.
It's a shame we have
to do that, and maybe
on the next cycle
of the universe
will be a little
bit more sensible.
So I do think we are
heading towards this cliff,
potentially.
But that's not the end.
>> No, it's not.
It's the beginning.
>> It is the beginning.
Consciousness is a
master chess player.
The eternal source knows
exactly what it's doing.
And so, whilst we
don't see the big plan,
we can start to see data
points or chess moves
and say, right, OK,
I need to move over.
We need to move over here as a
human species in order for us
to leap into the next potential.
In terms of the
Earth, I think one
of the biggest revelations we
need to remember, as a species,
that we are Earth.
You're the Earth.
I'm the environment.
We're all the environment.
We eat the environment.
We come from the environment.
We are the environment.
Everything is the environment.
And so then, we're
starting to look
at an interconnectivity
understanding of us
with the natural world
systems and also with Gaia
consciousness herself.
>> Right.
>> And then when we start
to understand that--
and forget about all the stuff.
Let's get real.
Consciousness is in everything.
And so, as we understand that we
are part of that consciousness,
are we going to be responsible?
Are we going to actually create
a wonderful playground, where
every aspect of
consciousness thrives?
>> So this is a form
of spiritual alchemy?
>> It is, in one
perspective, yes.
>> I mean, completely of the
Earth and of all existence?
>> Yeah, from one perspective,
it certainly can be seen
as spiritual alchemy.
I mean, the Big
Bang itself could
be seen as the great
spiritual alchemy
that we know about, right?
But that spiritual alchemy
has intelligence behind it.
So where did carbon come from?
The center of stars
that were burning
for hundreds of millions
of years in order for life
to exist.
Why are we rotating
perfectly around the sun,
where life can exist?
There is an intelligence
behind alchemy.
And so, once we align ourselves
with the loving purpose
of creation, through
our source stargate,
through our eternal
source, then we
start to get in
alignment with creation
itself and start to bring
through new intelligence that
starts to create new
frontiers of us to thrive.
>> So I love talking about
ET, and I will always get
a conversation to go
in that direction.
>> I appreciate that.
>> So again, ET lands
in our backyard.
>> OK.
>> And Josh goes out there, and
he's trying to figure things
out.
One of the things that comes--
everybody wants
to-- who are they?
Who are they?
I think when that
happens, we're going
to have to do exactly
what you're suggesting.
It's not who are they?
It's who are we?
>> That's right.
>> Right?
>> That's exactly right.
And I suspect there'll
be a recognition.
Because if we all come
from the same source, which
I believe that we do, then
there'll be a recognition.
It's like, I recognize you.
I know you.
We may not have seen them
in this physical reality
until they land in your
backyard, but it's a knowing.
So one of the things that
I actually used to use
as a practice-- and I haven't
done this for a while,
but it does work--
is actually building a
stargate in the energy field
when I'm walking out in nature
and then taking a step into it
and then just allowing a
new reality to communicate.
And I know it sounds a
little bit out there.
But actually, it does work.
You can basically
experience other beings
or other types of realities in
that usage of your own source
stargate.
But there's a warning.
Always close the source
stargate after you've
finished traveling.
Don't leave it open.
>> Noted.
Noted.
>> I did that.
It was 1980s on
the Sunset Strip,
but that's a whole other story.
So when we travel
with consciousness,
what is actually going on.
>> Well, that's a really
good question, Jimmy.
So we have these
different subtle bodies,
these different
dimensions to ourselves.
When people astral
travel, for example.
That's an aspect of
themselves, moving
into a different reality.
The key thing to do
is this, and this
is how the experience works,
as far as I understand,
is, first of all, is
it's important to remain
in our sovereignty and
our inner authority
to recognizing that everything
is equal in consciousness,
and nothing is more
enlightened than who we are.
Because we are sourcing action.
So once we get our
intent in terms
of our sovereignty, our
inner authority and partner
with our source,
our eternal self.
Then, we're able to venture into
other aspects of consciousness
as an equal.
So basically, if you like, it's
moving from an orchestra that's
playing maybe two instruments
into an orchestra that's
playing many instruments.
It's a higher
vibrational frequency.
We're now activating.
And that orchestra,
that bigger frequency
then takes us into another
dimension with other beings
that are operating.
>> When this happens, do we
recognize the differences,
or are we all the same, right?
Do we look at-- right now,
you've got purple hair, right?
>> Right
>> I am who I am.
We are two different, right?
But when you are
in this position
and you bump into somebody
else, are you different?
>> Are you asking the question,
do we have an identity?
>> I am.
>> That's a great question.
>> Do we lose our individuality?
>> So every single one of us
has an ohm that has no identity.
A source itself has
no identity, OK?
So we are everything
and can be everything.
>> I don't know if I like that.
>> Well, let me explain
why I think it's important.
So one of the biggest
challenges that humanity
seems to struggle with,
Jimmy, is the ego, right?
>> Right.
>> And the ego is
attached to two things.
One is your security and,
secondly, your identity.
If we can dissipate
identity, knowing
that we are this
eternal source then,
effectively, we're free of ego.
All we are a pure
creation in action.
We're a pure loving presence
in action with no identity
whatsoever.
And that changes the game.
>> It does.
But your ego gives
you your purple hair.
Are you willing to give that up?
>> That's my grooviness.
>> Right.
Right.
See?
>> Well, you know, I think it's
important to have some kind
of style, right?
>> Right.
>> But this is an expression
of who I am, right?
Which is basically
someone that's
fun, playful, and actually
loves humanity and wants,
basically, for humanity
to take another leap
into a new potential
with what I believe
is something that's critical
for the human species.
>> So again, do you get
to keep your purple hair?
So what separates
you and Josh and I
and the rest of the
world from each other
and just not being reduced
to everything being the same?
>> Well, let me
ask you a question.
If you are everything,
wouldn't it
be an interesting experience to
actually become an individual?
>> Sort of.
Sort of.
OK, so in "The
Lord of the Rings,"
there was Gandalf
the Gray, right?
And then Gandalf the White.
And then he became
Gandalf of all colors.
>> Right.
>> I didn't like
the all colors guy,
where he was
everything all at once.
And no, I like the
individual side of things.
So let me ask you why.
>> Why?
The person that
can laugh freely,
that's an individual thing.
A person that is an introvert,
is into their own little bubble
thing, that's OK.
Be who you are.
And having the
different colors that
live on all sides of your street
is what makes us strong, as--
You know what I mean?
It's that individual
thread work that
makes us who we are as a whole.
>> Yeah, and I think
that's really important,
particularly in this
aspect of creation,
where we do have these
separated individual bodies.
But we're all connected
through a common consciousness.
>> Sure.
>> And so what it
recognizes, to your point,
is that all of us
have strengths.
All of us have
gifts and talents.
And it's only
recognizing the beauty
of each individual person
that we can actually
start to understand
that, as a community,
we're greater together
than we are separate.
>> That's right.
>> And that then returns us
back to multiple identities
and the dissipation of
identity back into the ohm.
>> Now, I started off this
conversation where I'm going
to bring it all together.
I mentioned entanglement.
And when we discuss
source and we
discuss the nature of particles
and the universe and everything
else, entanglement
comes into play.
>> Absolutely fundamental.
Everything is entangled.
So one of the things
that, as people go--
bring through, their codes
of creation and programming
reality, what they're doing
is disentangling the substrate
of the universe from the
realities that don't serve them
and actually bringing
in entanglement
to realities where they thrive.
And so, actually,
that is the alchemy.
>> Wow.
That is the alchemy.
>> Yeah.
>> And here we are, coming
full circle, Matthew.
>> Well, it's fascinating.
So there are Nobel
laureates that went back
to the Vedic teachings--
>> That's right.
>> --to understand
quantum mechanics.
>> That's exactly right.
So we've always known
about consciousness.
We've always known
about quantum mechanics.
We've already known
about entanglement.
But for some reason, we are
just reremembering, Jimmy.
>> So what's the next step?
What do we do?
>> Say yes to yourself.
It's as simple as that.
>> As simple as that.
No effort.
>> No effort.
So if the question is,
what can a listener do, OK?
There is a practice that
I share with people.
We have many practices
of how to create reality
through their source stargate.
And Alan Watts talks about
the great silence, right?
So from one between moments in
the universe, there's nothing.
>> That's right.
>> The previous moment is
different to the new moment.
So what an individual
can do is basically
go into that silence, that
ultimate silence of who
they are, right?
Where they let go and feel
the infinite expansion
of themselves.
And what happens is
there's an alignment,
as you wait, where
you start to feel
an intent from your source.
And what you're
doing is actually
lining up the codes of
creation and the programs
for the next reality in
agreement with your source.
And once you're in that infinite
expansion, then the void,
I call it.
And once there's an
alignment, you then
bring the great ohm of let there
be light into the next moment,
and that reality is in action.
>> And that's groovy.
>> It is really, groovy, baby.
>> Matthew Bailey,
thank you so much.
And this is "Into the Vortex."
And I'm Jimmy Church.